oh wait where am I some anonymous motel
room yes I've already told you about my
condition
oh well Oni every time I see you it's my
memory don't need you no no no it's
different from that I have no short-term
memory I Know Who I am I know all about
myself I just since my injury I can't
make new memories everything fades I've
told you this before haven't I
what's the last thing that you do
remember my wife dying
my wife deserves vengeance doesn't make
any difference either I know about it
just because there are things I don't
remember doesn't make my actions
meaningless
Wow
you wanna get this guy don't you killed
my wife
he took away my [ __ ] memory
so that doesn't feel right I think
someone's [ __ ] with me trying to get
me to kill the wrong guy
what am I done come on my name's how
many times I gotta tell you it's not
safe for you to hang around here anymore
well because that cops looking for you
you're gonna pay for what you did
what who did this to you you did trust
yourself trust your own judgment you can
question everything you can never know
anything for sure
geez come on rocky focus to keep focused
no you know I've had more rewarding
friendships than this one although I do
get to keep telling the same jokes